hey everyone Arielle Adams here with a
blog to read calm this is a prototype
watch about to become a real watch with
perhaps a little bit changes from one of
my favorite newer watch brands uk-based
brand Mont this watches their you to
watch which is pretty much based on
their MB 1 and MB 2 watches for Martin
Baker Martin Baker among other things
makes ejection seats and they had this
really cool watch where you could only
get one if you if you were shot out of a
plane in one of the ejection seats and
lived and then they had a few other ones
just for everyone else but this watch is
was basically designed to survive shock
cold extreme temperatures being under
water vibrations just a lot of very
harsh things that would just destroy
other watches or make them stop also
very highly anti-magnetic the movement
in here is suspended it's a twenty eight
thirty six which has been chronometer
certified and suspended in a material so
that it can really absorb a lot of shock
so you can you can really move this
watch around a lot and it will totally
be fine you can see the movement in
there it's it's difficult to see on that
in the video but in the edges of there
if you look closely you'll see sort of a
little bit of I believe it's a red
material which is sort of what is
suspended in but even as a utility watch
the movement is very nicely decorated
you have this nice customized black
colored rotor blued steel screws per
Lodge and other types of polish there on
the movement which is which is quite
nice there's more than likely going to
be a version with a solid case back so
that it can be totally anti magnetic
it's really not possible to do full anti
magnetism when you have an exposed case
BEC like that also again this is a
prototype version there's gonna be some
changes these crowns they are going to
be changed a little bit the dial might
have a couple of changes as well so
what's different about the YouTube
version
versus the standard martin-baker well
that the dial is a little bit different
you can see here that the illuminated
two is the two usually would be the
three four symmetry purposes but since
it's you two you can see they're black
on black you to that was the cute little
thing they did there's actually a little
black and black picture of the plane the
u2 is a very high flying spy plane and
this watch is specially made for
American u2 squadron so it has some
labels and things like that about them
on the watch at the end of the seconds
hand you'll see if sort of a little loop
right there that's got a little black
and yellow that's actually the handle
that you'd pull on one of those ejection
seats which is which was a cool little
touch and I like to see it on there easy
to read watch
I've really enjoyed wearing this thing
the size is good I believe it's about 43
millimeters wide good thickness good
weight to it
very nicely made very solid and you see
here there's sort of this middle section
on the case which is sort of that
diamond-cut
so almost serrated kind of file like
steel that is an interesting texture
change Bremen has played with this by
having it different colors here it's
sort of a black on black thing there
will be a consumer version of this at
least a few of them the one that is
identical I believe to the one that the
u2 squadron gets will be about a hundred
and fifty of those made available for
consumers and it'll be a more
stripped-down toned down version that
should also be available I also forgot
to mention the the dual Direction
rotating in inner bezel there which
works really nicely and that's for
various types of timing functions
because it's an aviator watch it goes
both ways as opposed to a a diver's
watch that what would only go one way
price for watches like this is probably
in the 3,500 to 4,000 dollar range
that's that's more or less been the
range for the martin-baker ones and I
believe is commit
for this because this is not released
yet and this is a prototype version we
don't have all the exact specifications
all the exact prices and things like
that but there will be at least 150 of
these made available and it really is a
great timepiece Brehme does a great job
with the design and at first it might
not look like the most exciting thing
but they did everything right the loom
is excellent the legibility is good I
like how for the day and the date they
did it black disks with white font to
match it so they really the brand is a
very detail-oriented brand and even
though this is a very durable watch and
I don't know if this will be on the
production version but the crown is not
screwing so even though it has a pretty
decent level of water resistance exactly
how much is I think it's at least 100
meters will check on the back there yeah
100 meters it you don't have to screw
that in which is nice and it's got all
those other types of shock protection
and things on there a good watch again
this is the brand Mont u2 it will be
publicly available relatively soon and
you can read the full review at a blog
to read calm Thanks